# DCS Log Viewer

Because DCS doesn't have one! Allows you to open .log files generated by DCS missions and view them, with support for filtering events. 

## How to Use

1. Use Ctrl+O or "Load File" button and select a file. By default, the system will use the Saved Games/DCS/Missions folder as this is where DCS defaults the debriefing save to.
2. Adjust the filters in the View
3. Press "Refresh table" or Ctrl+R to update the same data but with your filters applied. Note - this won't actually reload the file's contents

## _Only My Events_ and _All My Events_ explained
2 special options are _Only My Events_ and _All My Events_. You cannot have both of these enabled at the same time. All My Events displays every one of the events your aircraft/vehicle caused. While this option is selected, the filters you selected are temporarily ignored.
Only My Events uses the filters you selected, but only displays an event if both the filters condition's are met and the event was caused by you.

## Recognised Events
Here is the list of events the DCS Log Viewer recognises:

### Mission Events
- Mission Start
- Under control
- Take control
- Relinquish control
- Mission end

### Plane System Events
- Takeoff
- Land
- Engine startup
- Engine shutdown

### Weaponry Events
- Start shooting
- End shooting
- Shot
- Hit 
- Kill
- AI Abort Mission
- Pilot dead

### Crash Events
- Crash
- Eject
- Pilot discard chair

### DCS Events
- BDA (Battle Damage Assessment)
- Score

### Other
- Pilot Landing - this event is ignored.

## Unknown Event Handling
If the program encounters an event which has a type not in the database of types, you can choose whether the program will show it or not. Please do let me know this event so I can add it to the list!

## Licensing & Legal
As of now, this project does not have an open-source licence. Please remember that this means the code is currently copright. First published 26/01/2025. If you would like to contribute please get in touch.

The above paragraph is not legal advice.